Update changelog.md for 2.15.0 (#2500)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: changelog.md

2.15.0
=========
### New features
- TokenAcquirerFactory now adds support for reading the configuration from environment variables. See issue [#2480](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/issues/2480)

#### Experimental API
(to get feedback, could change without bumping-up the major version)
- It's now possible for an application to observe the client certificate selected by Token acquirer from the ClientCredentials properties, and when the certicate is un-selected (because it's rejected by the Identity Provider, as expired, or revoked). See [Observing client certificates](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/wiki/Certificates#observing-client-certificates). PR [#2496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/pull/2496)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixes a resiliency issue where the client certificate rotation wasn't always happening (from KeyKeyVault, or certificate store with same distinghished name) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a resiliency issue where the client certificate rotation wasn't always happening (from KeyKeyVault, or certificate store with same distinguished name). See [#2496](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web/pull/2496) for details.
```
